Clarify GitHub App auth guidance in the ARC quickstart (#43925)
github/docs: content/actions/how-tos/manage-runners/use-actions-runner-controller/deploy-runner-scale-sets.md

   * Update the `NAMESPACE` value to the location you want the runner pods to be created.
   * Set the `GITHUB_CONFIG_URL` value to the URL of your repository, organization, or enterprise. This is the entity that the runners will belong to.
   * This example command installs the latest version of the Helm chart. To install a specific version, you can pass the `--version` argument with the version of the chart you want to install. You can find the list of releases in the [`actions-runner-controller`](https://github.com/actions/actions-runner-controller/pkgs/container/actions-runner-controller-charts%2Fgha-runner-scale-set) repository.

   > [!NOTE]

>    > This example uses a personal access token to keep the initial setup short. If you are registering runners at the repository or organization level, we recommend authenticating with a {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} instead. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/managing-self-hosted-runners-with-actions-runner-controller/authenticating-to-the-github-api). Enterprise-level runners require {% data variables.product.pat_v1 %} authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > This example uses a {% data variables.product.pat_generic %} to keep the initial setup short. If you are registering runners at the repository or organization level, we recommend authenticating with a {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} instead. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/managing-self-hosted-runners-with-actions-runner-controller/authenticating-to-the-github-api). Enterprise-level runners require {% data variables.product.pat_v1 %} authentication.
```
